faq.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: FAQ
permalink: faq
---
## **Who runs this website?**

Chris Alef '96 and any members of the [HMC Alumni](https://github.com/HMC-Alumni) organization that care to help out.

## **How did this site come about?**

In 2021, the class of 1996 was preparing for their 25th reunion. They wanted to remember the faculty and classmates that could not participate in the reunion, so they started collecting together stories for a memorial presentation. We shortly discovered that other classes had done the same thing, yet there wasn't a great way to share stories across classes.

## **Where do you get all the information for the entries?**

Alumni have found the information scattered across <a href="https://www.hmc.edu/">hmc.edu</a> and the rest of the web.

* [Harvey Mudd College Alumni Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/31177940784)
* [1990 Faculty In Memoriam](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iCJc7f0agb7NUpTJg4JUeckrBRT1XJ5hwsj-xRV3zCY/edit#slide=id.g7adf87da09_0_153), which in turn was sourced from:
  * [In Memoriam News](https://www.hmc.edu/about-hmc/category/in-memoriam/)
  * [Harvey Mudd Remembers](https://www.hmc.edu/in-memoriam/)
  * [Old HMC News](https://www.hmc.edu/non-wp-sites/old-news/)

## **How can I contribute a new entry?**

* Submit a [pull request](https://github.com/HMC-Alumni/hmcmemorial.org) in GitHub.
* Ask to be added to the [HMC Alumni](https://github.com/HMC-Alumni) organization in GitHub and you can directly modify the source.
* Send me an [email](mailto:chris@crickertech.com).

Commit message:

add sidenav and subnav to faq

faq.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Frequently Asked Questions
permalink: faq
sidenav: primary
subnav:
  - text: Who runs this website?
    href: '#who-runs-this-website'
  - text: How did this site come about?
    href: '#how-did-this-site-come-about'
  - text: Where do you get all the information for the entries?
    href: '#where-do-you-get-all-the-information-for-the-entries'
  - text: How can I contribute a new entry?
    href: '#how-can-i-contribute-a-new-entry'
---
## Who runs this website?

Chris Alef '96 and any members of the [HMC Alumni](https://github.com/HMC-Alumni) organization that care to help out.

## How did this site come about?

In 2021, the class of 1996 was preparing for their 25th reunion. They wanted to remember the faculty and classmates that could not participate in the reunion, so they started collecting together stories for a memorial presentation. We shortly discovered that other classes had done the same thing, yet there wasn't a great way to share stories across classes.

## Where do you get all the information for the entries?

Alumni have found the information scattered across <a href="https://www.hmc.edu/">hmc.edu</a> and the rest of the web.

* [Harvey Mudd College Alumni Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/31177940784)
* [1990 Faculty In Memoriam](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iCJc7f0agb7NUpTJg4JUeckrBRT1XJ5hwsj-xRV3zCY/edit#slide=id.g7adf87da09_0_153), which in turn was sourced from:
  * [In Memoriam News](https://www.hmc.edu/about-hmc/category/in-memoriam/)
  * [Harvey Mudd Remembers](https://www.hmc.edu/in-memoriam/)
  * [Old HMC News](https://www.hmc.edu/non-wp-sites/old-news/)

## How can I contribute a new entry?

* Submit a [pull request](https://github.com/HMC-Alumni/hmcmemorial.org) in GitHub.
* Ask to be added to the [HMC Alumni](https://github.com/HMC-Alumni) organization in GitHub and you can directly modify the source.
* Send me an [email](mailto:chris@crickertech.com) and I'll put a page together for you.
