---
title: J. Arthur Campbell
date: 1989-05-22
categories: staff faculty
tags: chemistry
author: Los Angeles Times
---
J. Arthur Campbell, a Harvey Mudd College professor credited with changing the way in which chemistry is taught to young people, has died of Lou Gehrig's disease. George McKelvey, a longtime colleague, said Campbell died Monday at his Claremont home after battling amytrophic lateral sclerosis for nearly three years. He was 72. Campbell, the first faculty member hired by Harvey Mudd when it opened in 1957, had continued to teach at the school for some time after his illness was diagnosed despite having officially retired two years ago. During his first years at Harvey Mudd, he was chosen as chairman of a new high school chemistry program under the auspices of the American Chemical Society. 

Innovative Project

The project involved textual study, classroom instruction, testing, modern laboratory equipment and short films. Called the CHEM Study, it is now in use by more than half the high school chemistry students in the country, said Joseph B. Platt, the founding president of Harvey Mudd and the administrator who recruited Campbell. Campbell was revered by his students, Platt said, adding that when Harvey Mudd recently linked its newest, most powerful computer into a worldwide science network, they dubbed it "J. Arthur." Campbell had headed the college's chemistry department for 25 years. In 1981, Change magazine rated it the best undergraduate program in the country. Campbell, who held a doctorate from the University of California, is survived by his wife, Dorothy, two daughters, five granddaughters and a great-grandson. A memorial will be held June 11 at 2 p.m. at the college and friends are asked to contribute to a scholarship fund there in Campbell's name.

Read the full LA Times article [here](https://www.latimes.com/archives/la-xpm-1989-05-26-mn-552-story.html).

Arthur Campbell was Harvey Mudd College's first faculty appointment. [Joseph Platt](/2012-07-10/joseph-platt.html) wrote extensively about Art Campbell in <i>[Harvey Mudd College: The First Twenty Years](https://scholarship.claremont.edu/hmc_facbooks/2/)</i>:

> We were very fortunate in our first appointment: Professor J. Arthur Campbell. Art was nominated by Kenneth S. Pitzer, then dean of chemistry at the University of California, Berkeley.' Art had his doctorate in chemistry from Berkeley and had taught there before moving to Oberlin College. At the time we met he was full professor at Oberlin, on leave for a year to the National Science Foundation to direct its Program of Institutes. He knew the Claremont Colleges well, and I had learned that he was nationally respected as a chemist and teacher of chemists. Our first real visit was in Washington, DiC,; where Dottie and Art invited me for dinner at their home. I knew in short order that we wanted the Campbells at Harvey Mudd College. Fortunately for us, the Campbells agreed.

> Art was appointed professor of chemistry and chairman of the Department of Chemistry, which at the time consisted of him. Over sub- sequent years he built a distinguished department, taught many students who have gone on to first-rate careers as academic or industrial chemists, and is remembered by all our students, chemists or not, with respect and affection. The Manufacturing Chemists' Association designated him as an outstanding teacher of chemistry in the nation. He directed the CHEM Study, which upgraded the teaching of high school chemistry nationally. He also did whatever other tasks the college needed-student advising, the reorganization of freshman teaching methods, representing our pro- grams to potential donors-with ability, great good humor, and vim. Of his many contributions to the college, he took particular satisfaction from the part he had played in leading our first students to adopt a constitution for their student government, and to adopt an honor system. Dottie Campbell baked I know not how many cookies for student parties, organized faculty wives to serve as hostesses at numerous commencements, and much else. I repeat: We were very fortunate in our first faculty appointment-really, our first faculty family appointment.
